add copy_from parameter for set ingest processor (#63540)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/set.asciidoc

|======
| Name       | Required  | Default  | Description
| `field` | yes       | -        | The field to insert, upsert, or update. Supports <<accessing-template-fields,template snippets>>.

> | `value` | no       | -        | The value to be set for the field. Supports <<accessing-template-fields,template snippets>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | yes*     | -        | The value to be set for the field. Supports <<accessing-template-fields,template snippets>>. May specify only one of `value` or `copy_from`.
```

}
--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[s/2019-03-11T21:54:37.909224Z/$body.docs.0.doc._ingest.timestamp/]

> As `template snippets` only produces string value, we can copy an array from one field to another by using `copy_from`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of a field including complex values such as arrays and objects can be copied to another field using `copy_from`:
```
